Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solveddr-ho-coaching-centre
<br>
Task

Dr HO Coaching Centre gives lessons on three programming languages:Python, Java and C++. They have divided each programming language into anumber of topics such as if-statement, while-loop, and for-loop. They teach eachtopic through a standard one- hour long lesson.

Students can request any number of additional hours on the topics that they have already studied. They can also request for any number of practice tests at the centre.

The centre charges for each standard lesson, additional hour and test according to thetable below.

For example, if a student studying Python requests 20 topics, 10 additional hours and 5tests the total tuition fee for him/her will be ($6,000 + $2,000 + $1250) $9,250.

The Principal of Dr Ho Coaching Centre (Dr Wise Ho) contracts you to build a computersystem, Power of Knowledge (PK), for them in Python.PK will ask them to input, for a student. the name Of the programming language that thestudent wants to study, the number Of topics/lessons that he/she wants to study, thenumber of additional hours that he/she wants to study, and the number of tests thathe/she wants to sit for. Based on the inputs the program will compute and display thetuition fee for the lessons, additional hours and tests. It will also display the total tuitionPK will then ask Dr HO “DO you want to compute the tuition fee for another student?”If Dr Ho wants to compute the tuition fee for another student (i.e. enters or “y” to thequestion above), PK will ask for all these inputs again for the new student, and computeand display the total tuition fee for the new student. The program will then again ask DrHo “Do you want to compute the tuition fee for another student?”The above process will continue as long as they want to compute the tuition fee for another student. However, if Dr Ho does not want to compute the tuition fee for anotherstudent (i.e. he enters anything Other than “Y” Or “y”) then the program will exit.A typical example of the display of your program can be asfollows. Your program MUST follow the same display style.Welcome to Dr Ho Coaching Centre Enter the name of the programming language: PythonEnter the number Of lessons: 20Enter the additional hours: 10Enter the number of tests: 5Tuition fee for the lessons (in dollars): 6000Tuition fee for additional hours (in dollars): 2000Tuition fee for the tests (in dollars): 1250Total tuition fee (in dollars): 9250Do you want to compute the tuition fee for another student?YEnter the name of the programming language: JavaEnter the number of lessons: 25Enter the additional hours: 10Enter the number Of tests: 10Tuition fee for the lessons (in dollars): 5000Tuition fee for additional hours (in dollars): 1500Tuition fee for the tests (in dollars): 1500Total tuition fee (in dollars): 8000Do you want to compute the tuition fee for another student?NGoodBye